# Artificial Intelligence for Food Truck Management System

The MUHAI VR Kitchen is a virtual reality (VR) environment for interacting with a visual representation of a robotic cooking assistant. digital-restaurant is an example of an application that is built using Event Sourcing and CQRS. Open Food Facts is a free, open, collaborative database of food products. The VSD Fleet Management System on ERPNext. Fleet Management Blueprint is a close to real-life showcase for truck fleet management. POS Restaurant is a Restaurant Management System for ERPNext. The Agentic Recipe Assistant is an AI-powered solution. Food_Truck is a web-based Food Truck Management System enabling customers to locate nearby food trucks, view menus, and place online orders. URY is an open source ERP designed to simplify and streamline restaurant operations. metasfresh is a responsive, Free and Open Source ERP System. Openbravo Java POS is a point of sale application. Floreant POS Opensource Enterprise Grade Restaurant POS application for QSR, Casual Dine-In, Fine Dine-In, Cafe and Retail. TastyIgniter A powerful and user-friendly system offering online ordering, table reservations, and restaurant management features. PizzaQL is a modern OSS order management system for pizza restaurants. Enatega is a fully customizable and scalable delivery management system that supports multiple business models and service verticals. OpenRemote is an intuitive user-friendly 100% open source IoT platform. Open Source Routing Machine is an high performance routing engine written in C++ designed to run on OpenStreetMap data. A recent addition to the BlueSeer Software portfolio is a Freight Management / Transportation Management System (TMS) solution. openTCS is a free platform for controlling fleets of automated guided vehicles (AGVs) and mobile robots. Fleetbase is a modular logistics and supply chain operating system. Optaplanner is a fast AI constraint solver for software developers

The directory structure includes a specific folder for each phase of development and engineering programs:

- __MBSE__: The root folder Arcadia (ARChitecture Analysis and Design Integrated Approach) is a method of tools dedicated to systems engineering and architecture, supported by the Capella modeling tool.    
  - __CAD__: For computer-aided design.
  - __CAM__: Dedicated to the part manufacturing and assembly process.
  - __CAS__: For simulation of end-to-end functionality and performance analysis.

